Project: Group Project 06
Meeting: Meeting 6
Persons present: James Beech, Jack Harding, Jordan Springett, Steve Norwood, Luke Dearden, Dan Hodgkins, James Elliott, Michael Kitchen, Anand Gill, 
Persons absent: Charlie Parr (No excuse), Jan Kumanek (Holiday)
Place and date of meeting: C165, 28th October 2014
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Steve Norwood
Date of minutes: 31st October
Version: 1.0
Matters Arising
Project Plan
Handed in to project manager Neal on time, all okay
Absences
Last warning to be given to Charlie about attendance, as he has only turned up to one meeting and not contributed to the project as of yet.
Action: jah91
Blogs
All blogs must be made, and a link of all blogs must be made on GitHub, and sent off to Neal.
Action: all, sjn3 to send
New Business
New Deliverable
Test specification is the next thing to deliver, deadline 11th November. Everyone must read SE.QA.06 Test procedure standards for Friday, and everyone must read the Requirements Specification and note down a list of tests that could be made for your specific part of the system
Action: all
Plant species list
Work out how to deal with the .txt file we must read from. Jordan will write a script for this.
Action: jos60
AOB
N/A
