Project: Group Project 06
Meeting: Meeting 2 
Persons present: Jan Kumanek, James Beech, Jack Harding, Jordan Springett, Steve Norwood, Luke Dearden, Dan Hodgkins, James Elliott, Michael Kitchen, Anand Gill, Charlie Parr
Persons absent: N/A
Place and date of meeting: C165, 14th October 2014
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Jack Harding, Steve Norwood
Date of minutes: 20th October. 
Version: 1.1
Matters Arising
Group roles
Group Leader – Jack Harding
Deputy Leader – Jordan Springett
QA Manager – Steve Norwood
Deputy QA – Anand Gill
GitHub
Jordan has set up a git organisation for everyone to join, and people should do so. Minutes shall also be posted in the GitHub repo
Action: all
New Business
Team Assignments
General team allocation for different sections of the specification. Roles will be switched around accordingly as the project progresses. Teams will begin on looking at things to work towards for the project plan deliverable. More discussion next meeting (Friday)
Android: Michael, James Beech, Steve, Luke
Website: Anand, Dan, James Elliott
Database/Server: Jordan, Jan, Charlie
AOB
None

Changelog v1.1: Added Luke to Android team and fixed meeting number. Signed: sjn3
