Project: Group Project 06
Meeting: Meeting 3 (Without Neal) 
Persons present: Jack Harding, Dan Hodgkins, James Beech, Jan Kumanek, Steve Norwood, 
Persons absent: James Elliot (Asleep), Charlie Parr (Doctors), Jordan Springett (Down the hill), [Luke Dearden, Anand Gill, Michael Kitchen (No reason)]
Place and date of meeting: Rosser Lounge, Friday 17th October 2014 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: Steve Norwood 
Date of minutes: 17th October. 
Version: 1.0

Matters Arising
Facebook
People must like posts about organised meeting reminders to show that they have read the post, as it’s the most reliable way to let people know that you know that the meeting is on.
Action: all
If conversations are going on between groups (Android, Server, Website), add Steve (sjn3) or Jack (jah91) so managers can keep track on things
Action: all
Website
Can Dan/James use bootstrap? Nigel said there’s nothing against it, Jack to check
Action: jah91
Blogs
Set up blogs and send to Neal
Action: all

New Business
QA Documents
Everyone must read documents 1-5 and 8-9 as they are the ones that matter. 
Action: all


Work for Tuesday
Jack will be sending out emails to each separate group (Android, Server, Website) to send checklists of what needs doing for the plan (hopefully by Tuesday)
Use cases need to be done, TODO list for gantt chart, vague designs, partial risk analysis (jot things down if you think of them
Action: jah91, then everyone to do work
GitHub
Make specific folders for groups, as well as a main one. Post spec docs to Git also
Action: jah91
AOB
Holidays
James (jpe5) on holiday this weekend. Jan (jmk6) away Friday-Monday (24th-27th)

